# Microsoft Azure Fundamentals: Describe cloud concepts
## Prerequisites
- Basic familiarity with IT terms and concepts

## Modules
1. ### Describe cloud computing
This module introduces you to cloud computing. It covers things such as cloud concepts, deployment models, and understanding shared responsibility in the cloud.

#### Learning objectives
Upon completion of this module, you will be able to:

- Define cloud computing.

- Describe the shared responsibility model.

- Define cloud models, including public, private, and hybrid.

- Identify appropriate use cases for each cloud model.

- Describe the consumption-based model.

- Compare cloud pricing models.

2. ### Describe the benefits of using cloud services
This module introduces you to the benefits cloud computing can offer you or your organization.

#### Learning objectives
Upon completion of this module, you will be able to:

- Describe the benefits of high availability and scalability in the cloud.

- Describe the benefits of reliability and predictability in the cloud.

- Describe the benefits of security and governance in the cloud.

- Describe the benefits of manageability in the cloud.

3. ### Describe cloud service types
This module covers the different cloud service types and shares some of the use cases and benefits aligned with each service type.

#### Learning objectives
Upon completion of this module, you'll be able to:

- Describe Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS).

- Describe Platform as a Service (PaaS).

- Describe Software as a Service (SaaS).

- Identify appropriate use cases for each cloud service (IaaS, PaaS, SaaS).